---
title: "FAQ"
weight: 100
header_menu: true
---
Question: Where does the data come from?
We start with keyword searches in search engines including Google and DuckDuckGo. We cross check against major sites that aggregate reports of these crimes, including the Joe My God blog, the subReddit #notadragqueen and Floodlit.org, which tracks Mormon cases. We add suggestions that come in from you, via e-mail at whoismakingnews@browdelaw.com.
Question:
What fact checking do you do?
We do not include any name that is not attributable directly to a news report or reliable press release or court document. Although we did not include the links to the stories in the first weeks that we began tracking the cases, since those early weeks each name has a hyperlink to the source data included.
Question: Why are there so many occupations described as "not listed"?
All of the information we get comes from media reports or direct releases from prosecutors and courts. Quite often those do not include information about occupation or, for that matter, much detail about the alleged offender.
Question: Do you track race of the offender or gender?
No. That data is not always available.
Question:Why don't you post pictures of the offenders or read their names in each report?
Pictures are not always available, and even if they were the data gathering is largely done by one person on a time available basis. Gathering pictures is way beyond the bandwidth available for the project and reading the names would take far too long. You can download the data if you want to take a deep dive.
Question: How do you know some of the offenders aren't secretly transgender or secretly drag queens?
We don't. But if there were even a hint of such activity the media and the prosecutors would never stop talking about it, and we're reasonably certain (though we can't be completely sure) it would be picked up.
Question: What do I do when I find an error or duplicaten name? HOw do I get a correction or addition to you?
Use the e-mail address: whoismakingnews@browdelaw.com - we very much appreciate the help!
